>> Mike North: So
let's talk about selection a little bit.
Cmd+A, select all for most things.
This is true, if we were to
just go to a browser here and
hit Cmd+A,
we actually end up selecting everything.
So this is not a code thing,
this is the way your OS works.
Select next occurence, so we've already
looked at that, for me, it's Cmd+D.
You can edit this file locally and
put your key binding here so
you remember it later.
That'll be in this selection menu
right here, Select Next Occurrence.
Previous Occurence, I find that
like I can spot the first one and
then find it from there.
And keep in mind that when you
say select next occurrence,
it'll actually wrap around to
the beginning of the file.
Eventually if you just
spam Cmd+D a few times,
you will catch everything
that has that name.
Select all occurrences is pretty slick and
for me, that key binding, it's at the end,
it's Ctrl+Cmd+G.
So let's see if this this actually works,
if I've got groceryItem here.
Ctrl+Cmd+G, now I've got all
groceryItems in my whole file selected.
Not just that, but
I've got a cursor at the end of each, so
if there was a spelling error or
something, I'd be in a great position to
fix it and then save.
But I've got cursors all
over the place here.
>> Mike North: So this, when we start
talking about key bindings, sometimes you
find that there's a really useful tool.
Like maybe you discover that, okay,
Cmd+D, finding the next occurrence.
That's great, but really, you just select
all is what you want most of the time.
You could always remap that, right?
And I'm gonna suggest you only pick four
or five of these things at least to start.
Where you say,
this looks really promising,
but then do it gradually and
incrementally.
Developers like to jump in and
tweak everything, tune their editor, and
try to get used to everything at once.
And it is tough to retain all that, yes?
>> off screen: If you're using the at next
occurrence, and you go one too many,
say you had ten instances and
you only wanted to select seven or
eight of them,
is there a way to undo?
>> Mike North: Yep, see, undo
>> off screen: How, which-
>> Mike North: That's Cmd+U.
>> off screen: Cmd+U?
>> Mike North: Cmd+U, and that,
by the way, that is the same.
So anyone in here used
multi-cursor support at all,
just clicking in a couple of different
places, where you hold down Alt and click.
And has anyone ever, when you're trying
to edit six items, when you get to that
sixth item, you're like,
please let me land in the right spot here.
If you're one character off,
you've created more work for
yourself than you had a hope of saving.
But you can just hit Cmd+U and
it'll unwind those cursors.
So you could go click,
click, click, click and
then Cmd+U, think of it as
a little mini undo redo stack.
Right, undo redo does not apply to this,
but
it's got its own little mini
sequence of operations.
And it'll keep track of these things,
like these selections here, and
you can just hit Cmd+U and back it off.
>> off screen: Well I think you can
Alt-click on it, as well, can't you, if
you wanna pick ones out of the middle or
something?
>> Mike North: Let's see,
can I Alt click on this and
remove it, I can.
But that's dangerous territory, man.
>> off screen: [LAUGH]
>> Mike North: And for selection, yeah,
I guess that could work.
Let's see if it works with this, though.
>> off screen: If you wanna just remove
one from the middle or something,
you don't wanna edit one in the middle,
you can just Alt-click that.
>> Mike North: Yeah, that's a good tip.
>> off screen: I did not know that,
that's awesome.
>> Mike North: I like that, so
that's like a random access way
of getting rid of a cursor,
in addition to the undo redo stuff.
Cool stuff, I learned that just now,
thank you for
the tip.
>> Mike North: So
fill in you key bindings as you go.
This is really worth it,
especially if you've got a variable that
you're using in multiple different places.
And now you find that you've
collided with this other thing.
Or in a code review, you bring your
friend over, you start pair programming.
They say, I don't understand
the name of that variable.
It's not descriptive enough,
time to go rename it.
We'll look at a better way
to rename in a moment.